[Applause]
tom brady seems like the kind of man who
doesn't know how to use
a wrench it's kind of true
hi i'm tom brady and i'm a crybaby and i
have a butthole in my chin
[Music]
butthole can we be real for a moment
is there really anyone you'd rather see
dropped in a vat of
rendered bacon fat and tom brady
hope everyone has a great monday except
for tom brady
you tom brady
tom brady you suck booty you ugly you
suck
you throw like a fat lady with a flabby
arm and a little girl
butt face hashtag tom brady
hashtag suck you suck
[Music]
brady you fat i hope you cry
i do cry too
tom brady i hope this loss depresses you
so bad that you hardly have sex
with your supermodel wife in your giant
mansion
i have no comment today you ever watched
listen to tom brady speak and think to
yourself
this is the personification of an actual
butthole
taking
i hate tom brady so much but i have no
legit reason to he's a nice guy
but i hope they break his leg
tom brady really is a good qb but he
will forever
be as a
thank you tom brady i hope your dog eats
chocolate and gets really sick and
throws up on your socks
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and this is the
internet i made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it